okay these headphones actually have the
chance to be the best Apple headphones
ever made by a mile they're basically be
like airpods Max but lighter weight
actually folding with a better case with
USBC and a longer battery life and
cheaper so yeah of course there's a
catch
[Music]
up I'm kbhd here I have a feeling that
most people just don't think about the
fact that they kind of maybe forgot that
Apple owns Beats like they bought beats
for billions of dollars and own and run
them as a company now and that's one of
the craziest things about these
headphones is if you took the Beats logo
and just erase it from the side of these
headphones and replace it with an Apple
logo these would be insane that they're
just so unapple-like but instead they
just seem to operate super separately so
we'll just call these beats headphones
but these are their new 350 over-ear
noise canceling headphones it's right in
that premium tier of like you could get
the Sony Mark fives or you could get the
Bose qc45s and these kind of slot right
in alongside those I just I want you to
listen to all the ways that these new
beats are actually just straight up
better than Apple's Flagship airpods Max
so first of all with the design even
though they're not metal everywhere I
would actually argue build quality is
nicely done and will actually be
probably preferred by most people over
the airpods max most headphones are
plastic for a reason and in this case
that means they are much lighter than
the airpods and the ear cups are still
quite soft they're very flexible
comfortable pair of headphones to wear
for a long time for like a flight or
something like that and then they
actually fold up so they're much easier
to travel with and they fold into this
actually reasonable case with pockets
for cables and even this little zippered
pouch inside for well I actually don't
know what that pocket is for maybe
another cable but whatever it's there if
you want it and that's a huge win for
these for just daily practicality and
usability over this basically the
overall design is honestly you can tell
already it's very similar to the
previous generation from a few years ago
it's got the physical music controls on
the left ear cup and a power button with
a set of battery indicator lights which
is nice on the right but it's also a bit
more tame like it's a bit cleaner all
the way around like they've removed some
of the shiny the Chrome bits and the the
Beats branding that used to be a little
more obvious like the text that used to
be on top of the headphones that's now
gone the only downside I could really
find is these darker matte colors really
pick up fingerprints like extremely
easily and they're hard to clean and
then the shallower ear cup might be a
little more fatiguing it doesn't feel
quite like on-ear headphones but they're
kind of right in between on-ear and over
ear so the mesh on the inside is
actually touching your ear otherwise
yeah I'd say these beats the design is
dare I say classy then there's uh the
headphone jack on the left side another
thing airpods Max doesn't have and it
also does come with a nice little I
think this is a three foot aux cable so
if you're plugging into your Source
these headphones will do that and on the
other side the right side a USBC Port
not a lightning port and through that
USBC again the most an apple-like thing
with these you can plug it comes with
this USBC to C cable it's kind of short
but I don't know maybe two three feet
but you can plug directly into your
source for lossless compressed audio so
I can plug this into my pixel it charges
them and that's the highest bitrate
audio that these can achieve which of
course won't happen with an iPhone
because that's a lightning Port they
have longer battery life than the
airpods max they're rated for 40 hours
with noise cancellation off and 24 hours
with ANC on plus fast charging will get
you like four hours of listening and 10
minutes being plugged in and the cherry
on top is there like two hundred dollars
cheaper I think if we stopped right here
this would be the best Apple headphones
ever made certainly the best beats ever
made
um but we can't stop right here because
these headphones do have a few
interesting
how do I say quirks about them a few
quirks so first of all there is no on
head detection which isn't necessarily
something I care about but in the world
of all the other 350 over ear noise
canceling headphones out there they
pretty much all have it so it was kind
of interesting to see that these don't
but then even more interesting these
lack any Apple chip so these don't have
any H1 or H2 chip in them which to be
fair is also true about you know the
Sony's and the bows of the world
but this is made by Apple and previous
Beats headphones have literally already
had the H chip in them so it's just kind
of weird that these just don't have it
suddenly so what does that mean to not
have a chip well there's still Bluetooth
headphones Bluetooth 5.3 actually and
they still fast pair to an iPhone and
instantly show up in your iCloud so
they're available across any of the
devices in your account that's still
great it's on your phone your iPad your
Mac all that right away but they cannot
do the instant switching back and forth
because they don't have multi-point
connectivity so that like magic moment
where like you're listening to music on
your computer and then you get a phone
call on your iPhone and you accept it
and instantly you're now listening to
the phone call on the same headphones
this won't do that you'll have to take a
few Taps and go through bluetooth
settings and switch which one it's
paired to it's not quite as seamless and
then there's some also smaller things
like there's no wake and instant pair
actually they're just kind of always on
until you turn them off which can be a
bummer if you forget to turn them off
and then they're just sitting around
draining the battery and then the
transparency mode which is new to these
isn't quite as good as airpods and I
know that's like the highest bar
possible
um and I don't know exactly how much of
that is the chip and the processing on
the H chips versus the actual
microphones but what I do know is the
airpods have a superior amazing
transparency mode and these are just a
notch Behind still fine still fine it's
just a little more dull a little more
processed and muted sounding these
headphones also do have spatial audio
they can do the head tracking spatial
audio if you're into that and they also
show up in find my on the iPhone but
huge but they don't stay always like
sort of pinging in the background on the
find my network because they don't have
that H chip so when they show up in find
my they just show up in the last place
that they were on and connected so if I
were to go on a trip somewhere and like
fold these up and turn them off and put
them on my backpack and go travel and
then I lose my bag and I'm like ah I
gotta find my headphones
it's just going to show me on the map
the last place that I had them on and
turn them off
which is not really that helpful now on
the grand scheme of things maybe these
are more luxury features than absolute
Necessities you could certainly argue
but again you're paying in the realm of
luxury headphones like you being able to
separate these with ecosystem plug
features like that's exactly what I
would expect Apple to do which is why
it's almost funny that they didn't all
that being said I'm happy to say this is
a pair of Beats that I would be totally
happy living with like for my Android
people out there they have fast pair
with Android as well and they actually
do automatically add it to all of your
Chrome devices so if you have a
Chromebook that works great same deal
for find my it works when they're on but
it just shows the point of last
connection and it will let you mess with
all the same settings as the iPhone if
you just grab the Beats app then you
just get that same UI so as far as sound
quality
look yes they are a v-shaped equalizer
with strong bass and not that great mids
but it's fine it's not dramatic it's not
terrible it's actually fun I think for a
lot of different genres of music and
watching movies and videos and even
podcasts and phone calls and things like
that it is completely fine and I mean
I'd never edit videos with these or
anything but hey not bad for fun
headphones just know that if you're
after a more neutral flat EQ like you're
probably never considering these to
begin with and that's also totally fine
but then here's the last Quirk here's
the last kind of a interesting feature
with these headphones there is
technically an EQ
but only when you are plugged into the
source via USB type c so you've got this
C2C cable I can plug into a pixel plug
into whatever and then you're getting
your lossless audio and then and only
then can you switch between uh there are
three built-in EQ profiles so to change
them you plug everything in and press
the power button twice that switches you
between the signature profile which is
the default entertainment profile which
is a little more dramatic with bright
highs and a huge boomy bass and then a
conversation profile which really boosts
the frequencies of human voices that's
basically just for phone calls or
listening to podcasts there's like no
bass at all and they have these little
light codes too that indicate which mode
you are in so you can get the most out
of these new 40 millimeter drivers in
these Apple headphones by plugging in
via USB type c
and then going with losses audio and
swapping between three baked in firmware
coded EQ settings
wild do I wish there was more do I wish
I could actually just like pull up a
graph and untoggle and make my own
custom EQ myself yeah
do I also realize that most beats
customers would never dig in that far to
begin with
also yes but the microphone quality is
also solid the Bluetooth latency is
fairly minimal very easy to watch videos
and play games with them and there is
technically no IP rating it doesn't say
it's water resistant anywhere but I
would wager if I was betting that these
are probably going to be okay as gym
headphones you can probably sweat in
these and it'd be similar to previous
beats that's not an official IP rating
that's just me going and the way it's
built feels like they'd be okay so well
played Apple slash beats these aren't
complete enough to completely
cannibalize airpods Max but they for
people on the know they are very very
good and almost complete enough and much
cheaper enough to be basically a really
good alternative and I fully expect to
start seeing these on flights a lot
because these are going to be really
solid fun entertaining headphones
it also seems like beats and apple just
don't talk
I wonder what's up with that either way
that's been it thanks for watching catch
you guys in the next one toothpaste
[Music]